🔥(project) add quickstart instructions to readme (#82)
openfun/ashley: README.md

## License

This work is released under the MIT License (see [LICENSE](./LICENSE)).

## Getting started

Make sure you have a recent version of Docker and
[Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install) installed on your laptop:

```bash
$ docker -v
  Docker version 18.09.0, build 4d60db4

$ docker-compose --version
  docker-compose version 1.23.2, build 1110ad01
```

⚠️ You may need to run the following commands with `sudo` but this can be avoided by assigning your user to the `docker` group.

## Project bootstrap

The easiest way to start working on the project is to use our `Makefile` :

```bash
$ make bootstrap
```

This command builds the `app` container, installs front-end and back-end dependencies, builds the front-end application and styles, and performs database migrations. It's a good idea to use this command each time you are pulling code from the project repository to avoid dependency-related or migration-related issues.

Now that your Docker services are ready to be used, start the service by running :

```bash
$ make run
```

> You should be able to view the site at [localhost:8090](http://localhost:8090/)
> And an example of a forum at [localhost:8090/dev](http://localhost:8090/dev)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should be able to use the forum at [http://localhost:8090/dev/](http://localhost:8090/dev/).
This is the development view that emulates a LTI consumer.
```
